In the day time I’m Marinette
Just a normal girl with a normal life
But there’s something about me that no one knows yet
Cause I have a secret
Miraculous!
Simply the best!
Up to the test when things go wrong!
Miraculous, the luckiest!
The power of love, always so strong!
Miraculous!
[Kwamis arguing]
Let us go with you.
This isn't fair.
Please!
[sigh] You know why you can't go.
When he made me the guardian, his memory was erased by magic.
Now, master Fu is like everyone else.
He can’t know about the Miraculous, my secret identity, or you Kwamis.
Come Tikki, let's go.
[Kwamis arguing with Marinette]
Why can Tikki go, and we can't?
I’m sorry, but you Know I have to be with Marinette,
she may need to transform.
What if we also hide? Then he will not see us.
That would be okay, right?
We just want to see if he’s okay.
He took care of us for over 100 years.
I know but you have to let him live his new life with his soul mate,
Now it’s my turn to take care of you.
Marinette, but you know that master Fu trusted me to help him to protect the Miracle box.
I was more than just a Kwami to him,
I was his friend.
And I miss him so much.
I understand, but…
All right, you can come with me, Wayyz.
[Kwamis arguing with Marinette]
I can’t believe this!
Come on!
I can’t take you all at once.
Why? Please!
because… uh…
It’s because the Miracle box needs to be protected
So you’re saying that if one of us stays here protecting the box,
the rest can go, right?
what? Of course not!
[Kwamis arguing with Marinette]
but how do we decide who stays?
Fate will decide.
let’s do a Kwami-Qua-Who
kwami what?
Kwami-Qua-Who! The chosen one is you!
It’s decided, Marinette stays!
Stop! Wait a minute, that’s not fair
besides, I’m the guardian, I make the decisions and that’s final
She won't give us another choice
operation kwami puppy eyes
pleaaaasseeeee?
Ugh.. fine
[SIGHS]
any kwami volunteers to stay?
She’s right, what if someone gets akumatized or a sentimonster appears?
I have a bad feeling that something is going to go wrong.
You go and i’ll stay here guarding the box
Enguard, my lord!
Thank you, Barkk
Okay, everyone inside!
But everyone has to be silent!
I don't want to hear a peep out of you.
That isn't being silent
Oh god! We’re still not out of danger, my lord.
Ready?
We’re gonna see Master Fu!
Oh! My phone is ringing on it’s own again
If it doesn't stop I swear it’s going to end up in the trash.
Hi Marianne
Hello Marinette. Do you remember her my love?
She’s the one who found you after your accident on the boat,
The boat that erased your memory
Huh.
It’s so good to see you again Master- i mean- Mr. Fu
Sweet child! You reunited me with my love Marianne
I can never thank you enough
[ON A BENCH]
Yes, my life in London has been wonderful.
Would you believe that Wang has discovered a passion of painting?
Actually, to thank you for helping me,
I wanted to give you this painting.
Thank you...
It's... very...
Hmm, am I holding it in the right way?
[CHUCKLES]
Yes
But even I don't know what it represents...
But when I think of you, that's  what I see!
So it's yours!
What's this? What a cute toy, is it yours?
[LAUGHS]
It is, it must have fallen when I picked up the cake.
He touch me, he touched me!
And I didn't even show it to you! He talks too!
[LAUGHS]
"He touch me, he touched me!"
So what are you going to do here during your visit in Paris?
Paint, of course!
Montmartre, the Tuileries Garden,
the boards of the Seine, is there a better place to paint?
I'll start :) Don't mind me.
Do you want more cake?
Of course!
He seemed strong as a tiger!
What an original painting!
Is there any cake left?
I told you I had a bad feeling.
How are you in possession of the Mother-Box, young lady?
Who are you?
This is the Grand Master Su Han, the Celestial Guardian of the Miracle Box.
But I am the guardian of the box.
The Celestial Guardian was it's guardian before the incident caused by Master Fu.
How did you find me?
Guardians' staffs are equipped with compasses that are capable of finding miracle boxes at any given time!
That's not fair, why don't I have a staff?
Precisely, because you are not the real guardian
This is all a misunderstanding and the incorrect shape of the box proves it.
But I don’t understand, Master Fu handed her over to me
Fu?! Wang Fu? We knew him as crybaby
The incompetent desciple who was unable to fast for
3 days and do a thousand finger pushups?
Fu should never have become a guardian.
He never was up to our expectations.
Master Fu made mistakes when he was young,
but despite that he still protected the box for years!
He even sacrificed himself and wiped his memory to save us,
and now he is an amazing painter!
That old man was crybaby?
Wait...
A few Kwamis are missing!
When I got the box, Master Fu already had lost Nooroo, Duusu and the butterfly and peacock Miraculouses.
He also lost a few Miraculous?
He's way more incompetent than I thought!
Plagg!
Young lady, where is Plagg?
That I do know!
He's with Cat Noir!
And who is Cat Noir?
Well...
I don't know \_(-_-)_/
We shouldn't really know each other's identity...
So this is the modern world
"Protected" by reckless fools.
Guardians aren't allowed to wear Miraculous!
A few are missing, Plagg is roaming free...
That's what caused the extinction of dinosaurs and dragons.
Isn't anyone unsettled by this?
That's it. Come on Kwamis...
Back in the box!
What are you doing?
I will remind you of a few of the perfect rules you have violated.
Rule 14: Kwamis must not live outside of their box.
Rule 52: Guardians must NEVER lose a Miraculous
Rule 133: Guardians must NEVER under ANY circumstances
wear a Miraculous.
But Master Fu wore one himself!
Precisely... This proves my point from the start.
Neither you or Fu are capable of being a guardian!
You don't have any respect for rules and order!
Not to mention that Kwamis should not be owned by a child.
They are extremely powerful cosmic creatures!
It's important to be in control of them, and you evidently can't.
En garde, my lord.
Challenging me like this is like pulling a tiger's whiskers, villain!
Calm down Master, calm down. It's just a movie, see?
What a powerful spell
How did that warrior end up in this thin prison of glass and metal?
Anyway, I can't lose any more time
Take me to Chat Noir, young lady.
Do you think that's a good idea?
I don't know, although, he's the celestial guardian
You're right.
Tikki, spots on!
What are you doing with your weapon?
This is my bugphone, to contact  Chat Noir
Do you no longer need carriers pigeons to communicate?
We're still not out of danger, my lord.
Hi, My Lady.
Is this the wonderful guest that you mentioned?
Of course, another child.
Chat Noir, this is...
I am Grand-Master Su-Han, the Celestial Guardian of the mother box
Wait a second... Aren't you the guardian, My Lady?
When the lion speaks, the cubs listen
First, you two will give me your miraculous
What? Look at that no funny joke and I know all of them
But we can't do that.
How are we going to defeat Shadow Moth without our Miraculous?
I'm going to give them to adult holders, carefully selected.
like a legitimately responsible guardian would.
Wait a second, we can't hand over our miraculous to a random guy
I-I... don't know...
The Kwamis confirmed that he is the true original guardian of the box.
Maybe Grand-Mestre Su-Han is right and Master Fu was wrong
Maybe that's why we can't defeat Shadow Moth.
That's ridiculous! You always managed to win, trust yourself, Ladybug, like I trust you.
If I need to give him my miraculous, that's fine, I'll do it.
But only if you ask me, you're the only guardian here.
Well, give me back your Miraculous and let's finish this.
Now you will renounce your Guardian's role, so that I can get the Miracle Box back.
But if I do that, my memory will be erased, like the memory of Master Fu
Does that mean you'll forget me?
You want my ring?
COME GET IT
Okay, then.
Cat Noir, stay calm. We are talking to the Guardian. We will find a solution.
Why do you think that the Guardians train for so many years?
To give Miraculous to just ANYONE?
No, we are especially trained to dominate any rebellious Miraculous holders.
Like you!
Celestial Storm!
Thousands of fists will knock you on the floor
[...] FIGHTS
My goodness, Master Fu was a lot nicer.
His Mira-Kung-Fu was a lot worse.
Grand Master, as far as I know, I am the Guardian
and I say that Cat Noir can keep his Miraculous and I can keep mine!
SUBORDINATE INSOLENCE!
Game of Justice! Knock down the enemy!
I don't know how he does it but he guess every move we do!
My Mira-Kung-Fu is like water.
It adapts and always finds a way.
You are at the mercy of the current of the river.
Cat Noir, take his scepter!
The claws of a hungry kitten are powerless against the milkman's iron pole.
En garde my lord.
THE KNIGHT ESCAPED?
GOTCHA
What?!?
Take that!
If you challenge the clouds, you will face the THUNDER
I feel a mixture of misterious emotions
An unappreciated authority
A confused and defeated man.
And most importantly an anger ready to explode.
Fly away, my little akuma
And let the lava of punishment explode from that volcanic heart!
If I still had my staff I would find you immediately
Fu!
Give me your staff, crybaby.
You don't deserve it.
Is your head okay?
Leave my husband alone!
An akuma!
Swirl of wisdom. The virtuous wind. Resist temptation.
My anger is mine. But I am not my anger (x2)
Enough! Fool!
You are wasting precious time!
Marianne, are you okay?
Where do you think you're going?
You shall apologise to her and give me back my cane now!
You brute!
Ah- I see that all is not lost after all!
Fly closer little akuma!
Fu! We meet again!
Do I know you?
Furious Fu,
I am Shadow Moth
That thief disrespected you and your partner.
I will give you the power to make him pay.
You'll show him who's boss!
All I ask in return is Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Can you repeat please? I did not understand everything
*sigh* Do you want to take revenge on this man and recover your staff?
Yes. I do.
So, let’s hurry up!
Which way did he go?
My love, please, it’s not worth it.
That miserable frog won’t spit on the dragon without apologizing!
Find him!
What are we going to do? Hide the box?
But then what? He knows who I am and where I live!
Ladybug! Cat Noir! Give me back the Mother-box and your miraculous.
Return it to the right hands!
Look! It’s Master Fu’s walking stick!
I want my walking stick. And apologize!
Thunder!
Give it to me!
Never!
Furious Fu, bring me that box!
GOOOAL!!
Hey!
Teleportation!
1-0 Ladybug.
Red Card! He touched the ball with his hand.
Higher! Be careful!
Not like that. Slow down, slow down.
Not like that!
Hey bossy, can you help a little over here?
Mira-Ku it's a martial art to neutralize rebellious miraculous holders,
not fighting with the supervillains, created with the Miraculous' magic.
So do we need to fix your mistakes?
Ghost palms of resurrection, the wise man moves moutains without touching.
You're the next one!
Claws of the One Hundread Dragons!
Steel foot breaks the stone.
The rage of the centipede with a ingrown nail.
Statue!
Finally :)
Congratulations Furious Fu, keep your promise and bring to me the Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculouses.
Fine, I need to bring the bat's bell without wings, right?
No, not the bell. The ring!
I'm not a bat without wings!
Cat Noir, hold on. We'll never be able to defeat him.
What?
We just need him not to defeat us, kitty.
I don't get it.
I've to make a call. Cover me.
That I can do.
The kitten can meow whenever he wants but he'll never roar like a tiger.
Lucky charm!
Perfect
What is she going to do?
Vision!
Oh, so that's your ridiculous plan... isn't it?
I know just what to do
We haven't finished yet
Cataclysm!
Noo!
You're going to transform into cat food!
Take this!
and this!
Soon! Voila, we won!
Won, silly girl?
We are stuck.
You can't defeat me and I can't defeat you either.
Oh! But my plan was never to defeat you by myself.
Excuse me! I'd like to borrow this
There!
Just like you asked me on the phone Ladybug...
Thank you very much Marianne
It was perfect!
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilize!
Gotcha.
Bye Bye, little butterfly!
Ah
Miraculous Ladybug!
Pound i-
Oops!
Sorry!
Pound it!
Take this.
Keep it with you at all times.
It will protect you from future attacks.
And it will be a reminder of you every day
Thank you, Ladygirl and Mr. Bat
I'm really sorry.
Please forgive me, crybab-
I mean... sir!
I..
mistook you for someone who has been gone for a very long time
Don't worry about it.
All that can be forgotten
Watch out for your Miracle Box, Guardian of the Miraculous
You won't want to lose it, AGAIN
The bat and red bug were amazing!
Paris is amazing!
There are always people ready to dedicate themselves to the greater good.
Just like you Marinette!
You know? You should really be thanking Marianne.
From what I heard, she was the real hero of the day!
Involving Marianne in the fight...
a human with no powers is against the rules.
This proved two things.
The first one is that you are capable of making your own rules
And as crazy as they might seem,
they somehow work!
The second one is that your natural instincts show you who you can trust.
a quality that is needed in a guardian.
And crybaby, sorry...
Master Fu might not have made such a bad choice after all
This Miracle Box is the mother of all boxes:
The first to be created.
And this one has some of the most powerful jewels.
I can only imagine what would happen if it fell into the wrong hands.
But I will trust you Marinette.
I'll keep watching over you, from afar.
Warning: Fail ONCE, and I'll take the box back.
I'll make the most of my time in Paris
and learn more about modern life.
How am I supposed to be a good guardian
if I don't try and understand the world around me?
Thank you, Master.
I have something for you too!
I think you'll need these
[LAUGHS]